Migrate RUM SDK integrated libraries pages to Cdocs pattern (#36012)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/sdk/integrated_libraries/react_native.mdoc.md

<!--
This partial contains integrated libraries content for the React Native SDK.
It can be included in the React Native SDK integrated libraries page or in the unified client_sdks view.
-->

This page lists integrated libraries you can use for React Native applications.

## React Navigation

### Setup

> **Note**: This package is an integration for [`react-navigation`][1] library. Make sure you first install and setup the core `mobile-react-native` SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This package is an integration for [`react-navigation`][1] library. Make sure you first install and set up the core `mobile-react-native` SDK.
```
"setup" here should be "set up" (verb form), or you could use "configure"

## React Native Navigation

> **Note**: This package is an integration for `react-native-navigation` library. Make sure you first install and setup the core `mobile-react-native` SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This package is an integration for `react-native-navigation` library. Make sure you first install and set up the core `mobile-react-native` SDK.
```
